{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24060\viewh19220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
TLP Android Fixes
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Launching the app:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 - Needs updated app Icon
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Needs updated Splash image
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Welcome screen shows before the app loads when I am logged in
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Tab Bar:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 - Icons look good but need to be shifted to the left so they are more centered across the screen
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Episode Screen:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 - Taking an extremely long time to load all the images and the featured cell \'97 most of these aren't loading for me at all.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Featured cell plays the video. This needs to go to that detail view
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Padding issue on the episode. They are still hugging each other pretty tight. Need to flow with the style guide
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Featured cell should be a perfect square (now)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - The \'93New Feature\'94 tag at the bottom of the header image (see iOS version)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Episode Detail Screen:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 - Larger image at top is taking a long time to load
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Cancel button needs to say Back
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Need to add Share.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Music Screen:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 - Everything on this screen is controlled by the API now
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - For the top image, have the placeholder be the new TLP image, then this image updates with the cover art to the song that is playing
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Bottom section headers are: Get the Album Today!, Download, Stream
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Get the Album Today needs: Google Play and CD Purchase
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Download needs: Soundcloud and Bandcamp
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Stream needs: Spotify and ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - The music controller needs to slide up from behind the tab bar and include a button to dismiss it. When you dismiss it the music needs to be paused or stopped
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 FAM Screen:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 - Images taking a long time to load \'97 most of these aren't loading for me at all.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Padding issue on the FAM Members. They are still hugging each other pretty tight. Need to flow with the style guide
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Store Screen:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 - Featured Header needs an overlay that says FEATURED ITEM (see iPhone app)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Below the featured header, the table needs a header that says Items
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Adjust the price button/label to match the style guide
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 More Screen:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 - The music player is showing here for some reason. It doesn't need to unless a user has tapped on a song to play, then it shows like mentioned above
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Add Push Notifications to Connect. This should allow the user to toggle it on/off
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Partner Organizations need to be updated to show:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32  \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- KNC.QNC (Kings No Crowns /// Queens No Crowns)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32  \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- jUSt
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32  \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Global Kids-Arkansas (GK-AR)
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs32 - Add new section below PO with a header title Special Appreciation and one row with a row title of To The Crowdfunding Backers (will need to send this info)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}